ok actually Scott doesn't got right now
could choose to talk about their little
bit more later is well he's got could
actually right now be doing what he's
choosing not to do you quite at the
moment so we'll see how much of his
secret plans can squeeze ya so so you
were taking courses at Chris media are
not Christmas for Sarah and I mean
there's a whole bunch out there and I'll
be right now and so you happen to come
to you as a student at first you just
taking these different courses you
remember the first course was that you
took when you when you are one of the
early ones was a Google AdWords course
and there was a really weird course no
thanks to the person did it but it was
basically how to protect yourself in
Brazil I dismissed Brazilian guy had
done a chorus line when you come to
Brazil you know like put your money
inside your your pocket and don't like
it was like a protection protecting
yourself in Brazil its he gave it to me
for free so well you know to spend a
forty-five minutes and then write a blog
post about it so early was really just
like amateur which is which is great
people who are not traditional teachers
and not the Rob personals and not you
know these hundred thousand $1,000,000
structures normal people
delivered courses on a couple of topics
was how I got into it ok to take courses
yeah but protecting yourself during the
World Cup was around that will take
courses I teach courses on anything to
an extent the topic tell us what was the
first course this Utah what was your
first so I'll tell you what happened was
I was working for a company and as an
architect and I I had a friend of mine
tell me he there's this architecture
certification
TOGAF have you heard of it and I'm like
no one ever heard of it as I go online
and that's really interesting because
it's what I do for a living and I'm a
big believer in certifications I've got
a lot of certifications as well so
that's really would be super interesting
and then when it started to research
what courses were available there wasn't
a mean they were all super expensive so
$2,000 for an in-class training and the
best I could find was like eight or nine
hundred dollars for online training for
this topic in and say that's sucks like
you know those are my options and then
Mike then you to me was like you know
when to ideas come together you're like
wait a second I want to learn something
for myself it's so expensive and I've
been looking for something to teach me
to make a few extra bucks so my first
course was the October Halloween course
creation challenge they did last year
and a month and I took the test passed
the tests did a course on it I know
there are some people who would that
gonna find that controversial that I
learn the skill while I was creating a
course on it but that's that's how I did
it I see that that course has been very
well very good for me yeah
45,000 students almost all paying so you
can do them out and so this was
kind of just a good bit of synchronicity
for hizo at that point where you really
in this mindset about topics election or
hate you just kind of got like I could
call it like I I was aware of you know
me I was a member of the studio Lindsay
announced this course creation challenge
and then a friend of mine says hey so it
was it was serendipity if you want to
call it that so the confluence of
thinking about it
vs opportunity and recognizing now this
is where you get into top selection is
being able to recognize do the market
research thing is in demand and the
current things that are supplying are
inferior in some respect so you got some
personal interest I've got you know lack
of supply and I kind of know there was a
man's right so it did appear on the Hot
Topics list the Buena me at some point
so there was demand I knew there was not
supply side ok own you know you're in
the right place at the right time
alright so you do this
TOGAF course it is all peaches increase
I'm you know I don't want to impress
anyone but I got my first I i price the
course of $49 when I launched and I got
my first sale before I was notified that
the course was proved so my forty-eight
a $49 sale that afternoon that it went
live and that's how I knew it was live
so sadly now I I got 12 courses and not
all of them peaches and cream and so
this is how I have all my thinking over
time in terms of how I select courses
but that particular course I mean
perhaps is the reason why I'm still here
right so if if I didn't have the success
I had or if I had chosen to do
my Google Analytics for unity course
first and not gone into the toga stuff
who knows what I would be where I would
be right now
work of course I want you to give people
a little bit behind the scenes well I'll
tell you one thing about ok so if anyone
knows there is currently there is a
great market for it is is owned by this
company called The Open Group or manage
that and it's the same group that owns
the UNIX standard UNIX in toga phone by
group and if you tried mark isaacson to
create your own UNIX product and called
it Mar communiques you have a lawyer
contacting you within a couple weeks
saying you're not allowed to use the
units trademark and please stop so I got
a DMCA notice 30 days of launching so
there's a story right lawyer michael has
taken off of you know me you know me was
threatening to refund all the students
and I had to make some decisions in
terms of how I was gonna proceed that's
what I was hitting it with this this
teaches in cream here because he
identify the cores that was it actually
was a good topic
starting students making money and then
he's got a lawyer
yeah he's got lawyers around yeah I mean
this is only a maybe
so all of this kind of stuff in so here
Scott had made some money but he's got
these lawyers breathing down his so what
exactly did these moyers want what was
your choice
my first choice was how to respond right
so you get this DMCA notice and your
course is offline you mean that put into
Dr state or whatever and no one can sign
up and so a DMCA process we're all
familiar mean a lot of us are you
familiar with sending the MCS I send you
know eight or ten of the month to
different sites are to Google but to
receive one you have to choose how to
respond you can ignore it you can find
it ok so I thought I had to call a
lawyer I had to pay some money to get
some consultation and in the end I was
like well this is a DMCA case the NCAA
is a copyright law and so I would then
have to have been copied their content
with all the content was my own original
content I wrote it I i wrote created the
videos they claim that I copied down now
they have the right to the trademark ok
just like UNIX has the right to the
units trademark of Microsoft ok so this
kind of a leg to stand on but its DMC is
not the 24 so I ended a counter counter
filing a week week and a half and I
basically sent another thing to you know
me saying i dunno can test this and if
they want to sue me sue me that's
basically what I said in my counter
flame was I know this isn't copyright
violation not covered by this law not
covered by this technically they broke
the law when they found his DMCA as I
didn't copy them so but I I was you know
I'm just a guy I don't have infinite
resources I don't want to go to
California and fight a lawsuit
so I had to make a big decision what
ended up happening was I had to pay for
a membership in The Open Group and so
now I am one of the consortium of
companies believe it or not that is part
of the open and as part of my membership
I have the right to use the trademark
and teacher so I basically basically
paid a fee and it's been very good to
know that he's been worth it but its
point that was from our previous
conversation was pretty much in the
vicinity more or less than what you had
already decided to just gonna pay this
fee and basically that way all the
profits that I had and I'm gonna clean
and that end and I'm not gonna you know
reproduce that success in December
January February or like a rocket that
came back down to earth or would there
be a chance of this continuing to put
that in context November was awesome
December was terrible right and so when
I got a cease and desist in January or a
DMC in January like well do I go off of
member to member like Jeremy thats
December was was not that great for me
but
November and January good so it was like
a roller coaster